 HYMN 762 
 
 Litany for Lent 
 
 FATHER, whose love we have wrong’d by transgression,
 CHRIST, who wast nail’d for our sins on the Tree
 SPIRIT, who givest the grace of repentance;
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
    
 JESU, adorable SAVIOUR, of sinners,
 Author of penitence, hope of our souls,
 Plentiful Fountain of grace and compassion
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD, 
  
 PART1
 
 Thou who didst empty Thy self of Thy glory,
 Thou who Thy parents on earth didst obey
 Thou who for our sake enduredst temptation,
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
   
 Thou who hast shown us the love of the FATHER,
 Meeting with mercy the Prodigal son,
 Sonship and home to the lost one restoring,
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
  
 JESU,who once by the well to the sinner
 Clearly the sins of her heart didst reveal,
 Leading her gently to faith and repentance
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
   
 Thou who didst enter the house of Zaccheus,
 Blessing his faith and accepting his Love,
 When for wrong-doing he made restitution;
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
  
  PART2
  
 CHRIST,with the Twelve the last Passover keeping,
 Ere on the Cross the true Lamb should be slain,
 Sacrifice offer’d for all and forever,
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD.
   
 JESU, alone with the blood-sweat upon Thee,
 JESU, in agony bow’d to the earth,
 JESU, Thy will to the FATHER  resigning;
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
  
 JESU, from Annas to Caiaphas hurried,
 Blindfolded, stricken, and falsely accused 
 Rudely blasphemed and declared a blasphemer;
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD. 
   
 JESU, denied by thine eager Apostle,
 Whom with a look Thou didst straightway recall,
 Moving him straightway to tears and contrition;
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD.

 Thou who wast wounded to heal our transgressions,
 Lifted on high to draw all men to Thee
 There on the Cross in Thy majesty reigning
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good LORD.

 That Thou wouldst draw us to heartfelt contrition,
 That Thou wouldst help us our sins to confess,
 That Thou wouldst grant us the grace of amendment,
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good Lord.

 That we may bring forth works meet for repentance,
 That we give place to the devil no more,
 That Thou wouldst lead us to sure perseverance,
 Hear us, we pray Thee, good Lord. 
  

